README.md, before:

# Xenia Manager

[![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/xenia-manager/xenia-manager?display_name=tag&style=for-the-badge&label=Latest%20Release&color=2E3440)](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/releases/latest/)
![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/total?style=for-the-badge&label=Total%20Downloads&color=2E3440)

[![Experimental Builds](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/xenia-manager/experimental-builds/latest/total?style=for-the-badge&label=Experimental%20Builds&color=2E3440)](https://github.com/xenia-manager/experimental-builds/releases)

Xenia Manager is a tool designed to simplify the use of the Xenia Emulator. It aims to make playing games and installing specific game patches more straightforward and user-friendly, while also providing an easy-to-use interface for adjusting Xenia settings.

<em>This project is not affiliated with the Xenia Team in any way.</em>

# Main features

- Easy 1-click setup for Xenia
- Automatic updater for Xenia
- Support for [game patches](https://github.com/xenia-canary/game-patches)
- Per game configuration profiles (Alongside [optimized settings for games](https://github.com/xenia-manager/Optimized-Settings) made by the community)
- Import and export game saves
- Low resource usage

# Quickstart

Head over to the [Quickstart page](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/wiki/Quickstart) to get started.

# FAQ

If you have any questions, hop over to the [frequently asked questions](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/wiki/FAQ) page.

## Contributing

Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.
Check the open [issues](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/issues) and our [TODO list](https://github.com/orgs/xenia-manager/projects/2/) for ideas.

Translations are done via [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/xenia-manager). To use it, please request access to the project if you want to contribute.

# Screenshots

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/1. Library.png" alt="Game Library">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/2. Library (Zoomed In).png" alt="Game Library (Zoomed In)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/3. Library Game Right Click.png" alt="Game Library (Right Click)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/4. Library Game Right Click (Content).png" alt="Game Library (Right Click Content)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/5. Content Viewer.png" alt="Content Viewer">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/6. Library Game Right Click (Shortcuts).png" alt="Game Library (Right Click Shortcuts)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/7. Library Game Right Click (Edit Game).png" alt="Game Library (Right Click Edit Game)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/8. Game Details Editor.png" alt="Game Details Editor">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/9. Game Settings Editor.png" alt="Game Settings Editor">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/10. Xenia Settings Page.png" alt="Xenia Settings Page">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/11. Manage Xenia (Installation).gif" alt="Manage Xenia (Installation)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/12. Manage Xenia (Update).gif" alt="Manage Xenia (Update)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/13. About.png" alt="About">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/14. Xenia Manager Settings.png" alt="Xenia Manager Settings">
</div>

# Credits

## Contributors

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=xenia-manager/xenia-manager)](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/graphs/contributors)

## Research & references

- [Xenia Team (for creating Xenia)](https://xenia.jp/)
- [Team Resurgent (for creating Xbox360Toolkit)](https://github.com/Team-Resurgent/Xbox360Toolkit)
- [LenovoLegionToolkit (used his version of configuration/settings)](https://github.com/BartoszCichecki/LenovoLegionToolkit/)

## Libraries used

- [NvAPIWrapper (NVIDIA Driver Settings)](https://github.com/falahati/NvAPIWrapper)
- [Magick.NET (for creating game icons)](https://github.com/dlemstra/Magick.NET)
- [Serilog (for logging and diagnostics)](https://serilog.net/)
- [Tomlyn (for parsing .TOML files)](https://github.com/xoofx/Tomlyn)
- [WPF-UI by LepoCo (UI)](https://wpfui.lepo.co/)

Commit message:

docs: Replaced Crowdin
Replaced Crowdin with a detailed guide on how to edit Resource.resx file
since Crowdin's Free Plan isn't enough for Xenia Manager (Might return
to Crowdin in the future since it is really simple to use)

README.md, after:

# Xenia Manager

[![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/xenia-manager/xenia-manager?display_name=tag&style=for-the-badge&label=Latest%20Release&color=2E3440)](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/releases/latest/)
![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/total?style=for-the-badge&label=Total%20Downloads&color=2E3440)

[![Experimental Builds](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/xenia-manager/experimental-builds/latest/total?style=for-the-badge&label=Experimental%20Builds&color=2E3440)](https://github.com/xenia-manager/experimental-builds/releases)

Xenia Manager is a tool designed to simplify the use of the Xenia Emulator. It aims to make playing games and installing specific game patches more straightforward and user-friendly, while also providing an easy-to-use interface for adjusting Xenia settings.

<em>This project is not affiliated with the Xenia Team in any way.</em>

# Main features

- Easy 1-click setup for Xenia
- Automatic updater for Xenia
- Support for [game patches](https://github.com/xenia-canary/game-patches)
- Per game configuration profiles (Alongside [optimized settings for games](https://github.com/xenia-manager/Optimized-Settings) made by the community)
- Import and export game saves
- Low resource usage

# Quickstart

Head over to the [Quickstart page](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/wiki/Quickstart) to get started.

# FAQ

If you have any questions, hop over to the [frequently asked questions](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/wiki/FAQ) page.

## Contributing

Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.
Check the open [issues](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/issues) and our [TODO list](https://github.com/orgs/xenia-manager/projects/2/) for ideas.

If you want to do translations, check out [Translations Guide](TRANSLATIONS.md) to get started.

# Screenshots

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/1. Library.png" alt="Game Library">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/2. Library (Zoomed In).png" alt="Game Library (Zoomed In)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/3. Library Game Right Click.png" alt="Game Library (Right Click)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/4. Library Game Right Click (Content).png" alt="Game Library (Right Click Content)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/5. Content Viewer.png" alt="Content Viewer">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/6. Library Game Right Click (Shortcuts).png" alt="Game Library (Right Click Shortcuts)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/7. Library Game Right Click (Edit Game).png" alt="Game Library (Right Click Edit Game)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/8. Game Details Editor.png" alt="Game Details Editor">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/9. Game Settings Editor.png" alt="Game Settings Editor">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/10. Xenia Settings Page.png" alt="Xenia Settings Page">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/11. Manage Xenia (Installation).gif" alt="Manage Xenia (Installation)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/12. Manage Xenia (Update).gif" alt="Manage Xenia (Update)">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/13. About.png" alt="About">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/Screenshots/14. Xenia Manager Settings.png" alt="Xenia Manager Settings">
</div>

# Credits

## Contributors

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=xenia-manager/xenia-manager)](https://github.com/xenia-manager/xenia-manager/graphs/contributors)

## Research & references

- [Xenia Team (for creating Xenia)](https://xenia.jp/)
- [Team Resurgent (for creating Xbox360Toolkit)](https://github.com/Team-Resurgent/Xbox360Toolkit)
- [LenovoLegionToolkit (used his version of configuration/settings)](https://github.com/BartoszCichecki/LenovoLegionToolkit/)

## Libraries used

- [NvAPIWrapper (NVIDIA Driver Settings)](https://github.com/falahati/NvAPIWrapper)
- [Magick.NET (for creating game icons)](https://github.com/dlemstra/Magick.NET)
- [Serilog (for logging and diagnostics)](https://serilog.net/)
- [Tomlyn (for parsing .TOML files)](https://github.com/xoofx/Tomlyn)
- [WPF-UI by LepoCo (UI)](https://wpfui.lepo.co/)
